---
title: "Model Predictive Control of Glucose Concentration Based on Signal Temporal Logic Specifications with Unknown-Meals Occurrence"
collection: talks
type: "Seminar"
permalink: /talks/2019-10-16seminar-1
venue: "Data Science and Scientific Computing Master of the University of Trieste"
date: 2019-10-16
location: "Trieste, Italy"
---
I have been invited by [Prof. Luca Bortolussi](https://www.bortolussi.dmg.units.it/) to present the paper "Model Predictive Control of Glucose Concentration Based on Signal Temporal Logic Specifications with Unknown-Meals Occurrence", an extended research of the one presented for CODIT'19, at the Department of Mathematics and Geosciences of the University of Trieste.

Content:
----
The glycaemia regulation is a significant challenge in the Artificial Pancreas (AP) scenario. 
Several control systems have been developed in the last years, many of them requiring meal announcements. 
Therefore, if the patients skip the meal announcement or make a mistake in the estimation of the amount of carbohydrates, the control performance will be negatively affected. 
In this extended version of our [previous work](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8820492), we present a Model Predictive Controller (MPC) for the AP in which the meal is treated as a disturbance to be estimated by an Unknown Input Observer (UIO). 
The MPC constraints are expressed in terms of Signal Temporal Logic (STL) specifications. 
Indeed, in the AP some requirements result in hard constraints (in particular, absolutely avoid hypoglycaemia and absolutely avoid severe hyperglycaemia) and some other in soft constraints (avoid a prolonged hyperglycaemia) and STL is suitable for expressing such requirements. 
The achieved results are obtained using the BluSTL toolbox, which allows to synthesize model predictive controllers with STL constraints. 
We report simulations showing that the proposed approach, avoiding unnecessary restrictions, provides safe trajectories in correspondence of higher unknown disturbance.
